one two three hey what's up guys I have
to go again today we're celebrating our
20000 subscribers with all my friends
say hello guys hi this is a family and I
hope you can join this family too by
clicking that subscribe by clicking that
go and so guys I just want to say
something it's been a long ride here
it's been almost 2 years 2 years but you
know hasn't all been easy when I first
started making videos I was going out
into public I was so shy like I was so
scared to like even film myself and talk
in public but it's these people who
supported me through all this way even
though it looked weird you know I felt
me even though I was a little bit weird
it's these people that had my back and
you know what whatever you're doing
we're gonna have your back too hey
what's up guys so all my friends are
gone and it's actually the second day so
I'm gonna be filming a Q&A portion of
this video I've never done one of these
actually it's my first time and the
reason is because I'm a Scorpio and you
know what they say about Scorpios is
that they don't really like the open up
but I'm gonna try to be honest and try
my best here because I want to be honest
with you guys I asked you guys questions
on my Instagram at HAF you gu o about
back to school personal advice study
tips juicy details you want to know
about me things like that ask me
anything
and I got around like 50 questions if
you missed your chance to ask me your
purse
questions then you should probably
follow me on Instagram
because I'm gonna be doing a lot more of
these in the future also I've replied to
DMS - you can send me your questions
that way as well
anyway without any further talking let
me jump into these juicy asked questions
so the first question are you single yes
and what are you studying I study
business and I majored in marketing
are you a good chef of course man look
at my previous videos I teach you how to
make kale a little bit less disgusting
this question is actually a great
question it's from Han how do you make
friends in a single dorm room building
let's just simplify that - how do you
make friends in college I think making
friends is actually one of the biggest
worries we have transitioning from high
school to university because you don't
know what it's like and you don't know
anyone there and all your old friends
are bye-bye
so how do you actually make friends I
think I honestly think I could do a
whole video on this like 15 minutes 20
minutes teach you how to make friends
but I'm gonna simplify one first week of
school please please take advantage of
that because that's when everyone is
actually down to meet new people because
think about it you're new so is everyone
else at the end of the year or at the
end of the semester everyone's gonna be
in their friend groups already so like
you go talk to them they're not
necessarily looking for a new friend you
should always make friends in a new
class how do you do it well you sit
beside someone okay and then you
literally say hey how's it going it's
pretty simple if you have like no other
motives then like saying hello is not a
bad thing or you can say hey I really
like your insert thing here give them a
compliment started off with a compliment
and then follow up it's like where are
you from or what's your name my name is
shake hands and then just continue the
conversation from there it's like what
did you do over the summer these are
like very simple questions
but it's just to get the conversation
started and you can see if you like each
other or not after I'm going to a lot of
detail here it's good it's good I want
to make sure you have friends so you
don't be alone after that initial
introduction you need to add them on
something Facebook Instagram WeChat
whatever you use and then ask them to
hang out or eat lunch and I think one of
the best hangouts is actually just to
eat lunch or eat dinner together because
everyone's gonna be hungry at some point
and they're gonna need to eat so it's
very low commitment to eat with you if
you don't like each other you can just
leave and never hang out again and the
last tip I wanna say for making friends
is go to events or clubs because all
those people share a common interest so
you can just talk about that thing don't
worry because you're now gonna be alone
at least you're gonna have me even if
you can't make any friends so you can
always come back and watch my videos
I'll be right here alright Julia asked
me how do you not procrastinate well one
you should get off of Instagram if you
don't want to procrastinate but I'm
gonna be making a video this week
actually how to stop procrastinating so
watch out for that tips for a more
productive life well that's a lot make
routines although you think they might
be limiting they actually create more
freedom in your life because it allows
you to get more done so you have more
free time to do other things so create
morning routines night routines and
during the day have like a set schedule
for your work or study how do you make
your youtube videos I sit down and then
talk in front of a camera I have a light
right there who is my friend I just talk
most of the magic actually comes in the
editing portion of the video so it takes
me around like 4 to 6 hours to edit one
of these videos
and that's what I'm doing right now just
editing sitting right here look there's
a light I have a sitting right here and
now time to go back for another four to
six hours which app do you use for
editing your videos I use Adobe Premiere
what's the most challenging thing you've
ever met during the life you make uber
well the most challenging thing
definitely has to be immigrating to
Canada because I'm originally from
Chongqing China so that's where like
hotpot and really spicy food is from
when I first came here the English word
learned in China like really didn't help
I knew two words of English
I knew hello and elephant I just like
remember that words so hello elephant
yeah so learning English making new
friends abducting to this completely new
culture and environment was like a five
year challenge I was saying that was
probably the hardest thing bro I need
your feedback on my application for
Chinua send me a message do you have a
bullet journal how do you use it oh man
I I got a lot to say about bowler
journals because my friend Sarah
recently started a bullet journal and
she spent more time drawing the first
page than actually journaling I do keep
I don't think bullet journal is for me
cuz I don't really like decorating but I
do like the idea of keeping like a daily
schedule so like every day is like a
checklist so I do this every day
it's simple takes me like five minutes
and actually makes me more productive
tips to build confidence
Wow that's a big question you probably
cannot tell maybe you could I was
actually a really shy kid because like
when I first came here one I didn't
speak English so like that naturally
limited my ability to connect with other
people but also like I moved around a
lot so once I made a friend I made new
friends and like none of those were like
really real friends I was like kind of
scared to express myself fully
how did build confidence is a question I
personally had for like five years of my
life so you grade 10 I kind of had like
a little heartbreak so I'm like ah how
did I get a girl to like me and I google
that and then the next thing that Google
is how to become more confident and
actually let me down a road of finding
out about personal development it's like
learning to be more self-aware learning
to improve yourself it's a lot so how do
your confidence one you can read about
it from books surround yourself with
people who are very confident in
themselves but not cocky so they're
willing to like help you out they're
willing to lift you up when you feel shy
they're like yo go do it anyway and
their actions gonna inspire you to be
more confident I think that's like the
most practical way and lastly it's just
like repeated practice right
for example we practice like saying
hello to one new person a day that's
actually something of practice and then
you practice like making one new friend
in each class through all these
cumulative steps through like five six
years like you'll become a very
confident person honestly to be
confident you must first be self-aware
know who you are what you offer what you
like another piece of very practical
advice on being confident
is there is actually a type of
confidence that's associated with the
skill right or an accomplishment if
you're like a really pro badminton
player because you're so good at it you
naturally feel confident when you're
playing badminton although that's not
the best type of confidence it is
something right so you can start there
dude we're getting deep man these are
like really deep questions study tips
well I have like three study tip videos
I think they're all on my youtube
channel they're not just from me they're
actually from Harvard students MIT
students Columbia students Brown
students that's the best part right you
get a variety of opinions they're all
trying to test it because they went to
good schools I like you video thank you
are you thinking of making a video about
your school days and if you got bully
and a story time well the thing is I
think every one of my videos is a story
time I'm just gonna put that out there
but in elementary school when I first
move here I didn't speak English and I
was mostly in like a white neighborhood
and there were no other Asian kids I was
bullied yeah maybe I'll make a video
about that in the future
can we meet sometime I go to Harvard I
want to know more about your personal
experience
well I'm Ricardo I don't go to Harvard I
was just visiting and doing a campus
tour there but if we do run into each
other in the future I would definitely
be down to sit down and have a coffee
with you to chat about our futures all
right and that's what I want to end this
video thank you for watching and look at
that oh it's gonna be sick this is a
sick outro twenty thousand it's a big
number at least for me because I was
looking at socialblade today and
I realize I've gained more subscribers
in the last three days
that's for I've gained more subscribers
in the last three days than I have in my
first six months that's like there's so
many of you watching and like imagine
all of you fitting in this room just
like staring at me looking at my camera
and talking to myself like that's just
even saying to me we're gonna be the
number one college channel on the
Internet
and we're gonna we're gonna get there
together because we're all gonna be
number one students okay look at this
outro it's gonna be sick stick around
for the back-to-school series coming out
this month and I will see you in the
next video we wish you good luck in your
new school year everyone wish them
something shanty I wish you a success I
wish you healthy liver final minute soon
oh good fortune yeah live the lifestyle
you know what we all wish you a happy
school year and we wish you stick around
okay so one two three happy twenty we'll
see you at 100,000 bye bye
you